Add "Content-Security-Policy" to speculation rules explainer (#213)
WICG/nav-speculation: triggers.md

Another envisioned speculative action is `"prefetch_with_subresources"`, which prefetches a document and then uses the HTML preload scanner to find other subresources that are worth preloading. Chromium currently does something similar (known as "[NoState Prefetch](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/nostate-prefetch/)") for `<link rel="prerender">`. But, we're not yet sure this feature is pulling its weight, in between the lightweight prefetch and the fully-instant prerender features, so it's not yet clear whether this will be worth integrating.

### Content-Security-Policy

> `Speculation-Rules` is embedded as an inline declarationt within a script tag with type=”speculationrules”, and restricted by the `script-src` restriction of the `Content-Security-Policy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Speculation rules can be embedded inline within a script tag with type=”speculationrules”, and restricted by the `script-src` CSP directive.
```

The HTTP header name isn't really applicable here, so we can just describe it as "speculation rules".

> To control the availability to inject an inline `Speculation-Rules`, `'inline-speculation-rules'` is available in addition to `‘unsafe-inline’`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow inline speculation rules, use either the `'inline-speculation-rules'` or `‘unsafe-inline’` keyword.
```

> This helps developers to permit only inline `Speculation-Rules` but still to disallow unsafe inline JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `script-src 'inline-speculation-rules'` helps developers to permit inline speculation rules but still disallow unsafe inline JavaScript.
```

> `prefetch-src` is also used to restrict target URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `prefetch-src` directive can be used to restrict which URLs can be prefetched or prerendered.
```
